Changelog v5 (#2364)
qutip/qutip: doc/changelog.rst

  they were mixed together in the ``method`` parameter.
- The previous options are now passed as parameters to the steady state
  solver and mostly passed through to the underlying SciPy functions.
- The logging and statistics have been removed.

Correlation functions (correlation module):

- A new ``correlation_3op`` function has been added. It supports ``MESolver``
  or ``BRMESolver``.
- The ``correlation``, ``correlation_4op``, and ``correlation_ss`` functions have been
  removed.
- Support for calculating correlation with ``mcsolve`` has been removed.

Propagators (propagator module):

- A class interface, ``qutip.Propagator``, has been added for propagators.
- Propagation of time-dependent systems is now supported using ``QobjEvo``.
- The ``unitary_mode`` and ``parallel`` options have been removed.

Correlation spectra (spectrum module):

- The functions ``spectrum_ss`` and ``spectrum_pi`` have been removed and
  are now internal functions.
- The ``use_pinv`` parameter for ``spectrum`` has been removed and the
  functionality merged into the ``solver`` parameter. Use ``solver="pi"``
  instead.

Hierarchical Equation of Motion Solver (HEOM)

> - Added support for combining bosonic and fermionic baths.
> - ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
> - Simon, there is a lot more than you and other have done for HEOM, please brag a little
> - ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the solver to use the new QuTiP integrators and data layer.
- Updated all the HEOM tutorials to QuTiP 5.
- Added support for combining bosonic and fermionic baths.
- Sped up the construction of the RHS of the HEOM solver by a factor of 4x.
- As in QuTiP 4, the HEOM supports arbitrary spectral densities, bosonic and fermionic baths, Páde and Matsubara expansions of the correlation functions, calculating the Matsubara terminator and inspection of the ADOs (auxiliary density operators).
```

  now more consistent across solvers.

Monte-Carlo Solver (mcsolve):

- The system, H, may now be a super-operator.
- The ``seed`` parameter now supports supplying numpy ``SeedSequence`` or
  ``Generator`` types.
- The new ``timeout`` and ``target_tol`` parameters allow the solver to exit
  early if a timeout or target tolerance is reached.
- The ntraj option no longer supports a list of numbers of trajectories.
  Instead, just run the solver multiple times and use the class ``MCSolver``
  if setting up the solver uses a significant amount of time.
- The ``map_func`` parameter has been replaced by the ``map`` option.
- A loky based parallel map as been added.
- A mpi based parallel map as been added.
- The result returned by ``mcsolve`` now supports calculating photocurrents
  and calculating the steady state over N trajectories.
- The old ``parfor`` parallel execution function has been removed from
  ``qutip.parallel``. Use ``parallel_map``, ``loky_map`` or ``mpi_pmap`` instead.
- Added improved sampling options which converge much faster when the
  probability of collapse is small.

Non Markovian Monte-Carlo Solver (nm_mcsolve):

> - New Monte-Carlo Solver supporting negative decay rates.
> - Enjoy of most of the improvement made to the original Monte-Carlo Solver.
> - ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????/
> - Paul, anything to add?
> - ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????/

Reviewer 2: Not much to add I think, maybe we should add a reference to the original paper?

```suggestion
- New Monte-Carlo Solver supporting negative decay rates.
- Based on the influence martingale approach, Donvil et al., Nat Commun 13, 4140 (2022).
- Most of the improvements made to the regular Monte-Carlo solver are also available here.
- The value of the influence martingale is available through the ``.trace`` attribute of the result.
```
